Feature/dx 1000 description non payment token external non payment token (#451)
SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com: _includes/card-authorization-transaction.md

|     Required     | Field                          | Type      | Description                                                                     |
| :--------------: | :----------------------------- | :-------- | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| {% icon check %} | `transaction`                  | `object`  | The transaction object.                                                         |
| {% icon check %} | └➔&nbsp;`cardNumber`           | `string`  | Primary Account Number (PAN) of the card, printed on the face of the card.      |
| {% icon check %} | └➔&nbsp;`cardExpiryMonth`      | `integer` | Expiry month of the card, printed on the face of the card.                      |
| {% icon check %} | └➔&nbsp;`cardExpiryYear`       | `integer` | Expiry year of the card, printed on the face of the card.                       |
|                  | └➔&nbsp;`cardVerificationCode` | `string`  | Card verification code (CVC/CVV/CVC2), usually printed on the back of the card. |
|                  | └➔&nbsp;`cardholderName`       | `string`  | Name of the card holder, usually printed on the face of the card.               |

> :.table .table-striped}

Reviewer: ![Codacy](https://app.codacy.com/assets/images/favicon.png) Issue found: [[no-consecutive-blank-lines] Remove 2 lines before node](https://app.codacy.com/gh/SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com/pullRequest?prid=5705576)

| └─➔&nbsp;`description`            | `string`  | {% include field-description-description.md documentation_section="card" %}                                                                                                                                  |
| └─➔&nbsp;`payeeReference`         | `string`  | A unique reference for the transaction.                                                                                                                                                                      |
| └─➔&nbsp;`failedReason`           | `string`  | The human readable explanation of why the payment failed.                                                                                                                                                    |
| └─➔&nbsp;`isOperational`          | `bool`    | `true` if the transaction is operational; otherwise `false`.                                                                                                                                                 |

> | └─➔&nbsp;`operations`             | `array`   | The array of operations that are possible to perform on the transaction in its current state.                                                                                                                |

Reviewer: ![Codacy](https://app.codacy.com/assets/images/favicon.png) Issue found: [[no-consecutive-blank-lines] Remove 1 line after node](https://app.codacy.com/gh/SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com/pullRequest?prid=5705576)

## Card authorization transaction

The `authorization` resource contains information about an authorization
transaction made towards a payment. To create a new `authorization` transaction,
perform a `POST` towards the URI obtained from the `payment.authorization.id`

> from the `payment` resource below. All operations
> that target the payment resource directly produce a response similar to the
> example seen below. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
from the `payment` resource below. The example is abbreviated for brevity.
```

{:.code-header}
**Request**

```http
GET /psp/{{ api_resource }}/payments/{{ page.payment_id }}/ HTTP/1.1
Host: {{ page.api_host }}
Authorization: Bearer <AccessToken>
Content-Type: application/json
```

{:.code-header}
**Response**

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Type: application/json

> {
>     "payment": {
>         "id": "/psp/{{ api_resource }}/payments/{{ page.payment_id }}",
>         "number": 1234567890,
>         "created": "2016-09-14T13:21:29.3182115Z",
>         "updated": "2016-09-14T13:21:57.6627579Z",
>         "state": "Ready",
>         "operation": "Purchase",
>         "intent": "Authorization",
>         "currency": "{{ currency }}",
>         "amount": 1500,
>         "remainingCaptureAmount": 1500,
>         "remainingCancellationAmount": 1500,
>         "remainingReversalAmount": 0,
>         "description": "Test Purchase",
>         "payerReference": "AB1234",
>         "initiatingSystemUserAgent": "PostmanRuntime/3.0.1",
>         "userAgent": "Mozilla/5.0...",
>         "language": "{{ language }}",
>         "prices": {
>             "id": "/psp/{{ api_resource}}/payments/{{ page.payment_id }}/prices"
>         },
>         "payeeInfo": {
>             "id": "/psp/{{ api_resource }}/payments/{{ page.payment_id }}/payeeInfo"
>         },
>         "transactions": {
>             "id": "/psp/{{ api_resource }}/payments/{{ page.payment_id }}/transactions"
>         },
>         "authorizations": {
>             "id": "/psp/{{ api_resource }}/payments/{{ page.payment_id }}/authorizations"
>         },
>         "cancellations": {
>             "id": "/psp/{{ api_resource }}/payments/{{ page.payment_id }}/cancellations"
>         }
>     },
>     "operations": [
> 
>         {
>             "method": "GET",
>             "href": "{{ page.front_end_url }}/{{ api_resource}}/core/scripts/client/px.{{ api_resource }}.client.js?token={{ page.payment_token }}&operation=authorize",
>             "rel": "view-authorization",
>             "contentType": "application/javascript"
>         },
>         {
>             "method": "GET",
>             "href": "{{ page.front_end_url }}/{{ api_resource }}/payments/authorize/{{ page.transaction_id }}",
>             "rel": "redirect-authorization",
>             "contentType": "text/html"
>         }
>     ]
> }

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{
    "payment": {
        "id": "/psp/{{ api_resource }}/payments/{{ page.payment_id }}",
        "authorizations": {
            "id": "/psp/{{ api_resource }}/payments/{{ page.payment_id }}/authorizations"
        },
    }
}
```

|     Required     | Field                          | Type      | Description                                                                     |
| :--------------: | :----------------------------- | :-------- | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| {% icon check %} | `transaction`                  | `object`  | The transaction object.                                                         |
| {% icon check %} | └➔&nbsp;`cardNumber`           | `string`  | Primary Account Number (PAN) of the card, printed on the face of the card.      |
| {% icon check %} | └➔&nbsp;`cardExpiryMonth`      | `integer` | Expiry month of the card, printed on the face of the card.                      |
| {% icon check %} | └➔&nbsp;`cardExpiryYear`       | `integer` | Expiry year of the card, printed on the face of the card.                       |
|                  | └➔&nbsp;`cardVerificationCode` | `string`  | Card verification code (CVC/CVV/CVC2), usually printed on the back of the card. |
|                  | └➔&nbsp;`cardholderName`       | `string`  | Name of the card holder, usually printed on the face of the card.               |

> 
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> {:.table .table-striped}

Reviewer: ![Codacy](https://app.codacy.com/assets/images/favicon.png) Issue found: [[no-consecutive-blank-lines] Remove 1 line before node](https://app.codacy.com/gh/SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com/pullRequest?prid=5705576)

| └─➔&nbsp;`description`            | `string`  | {% include field-description-description.md documentation_section="card" %}                                                                                                                                  |
| └─➔&nbsp;`payeeReference`         | `string`  | A unique reference for the transaction.                                                                                                                                                                      |
| └─➔&nbsp;`failedReason`           | `string`  | The human readable explanation of why the payment failed.                                                                                                                                                    |
| └─➔&nbsp;`isOperational`          | `bool`    | `true` if the transaction is operational; otherwise `false`.                                                                                                                                                 |

> | └─➔&nbsp;`operations`             | `array`   | The array of operations that are possible to perform on the transaction in its current state.                                                                                                                |

Reviewer: ![Codacy](https://app.codacy.com/assets/images/favicon.png) Issue found: [[no-consecutive-blank-lines] Remove 1 line after node](https://app.codacy.com/gh/SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com/pullRequest?prid=5705576)

| └─➔&nbsp;`payeeReference`         | `string`  | A unique reference for the transaction.                                                                                                                                                                      |
| └─➔&nbsp;`failedReason`           | `string`  | The human readable explanation of why the payment failed.                                                                                                                                                    |
| └─➔&nbsp;`isOperational`          | `bool`    | `true` if the transaction is operational; otherwise `false`.                                                                                                                                                 |
| └─➔&nbsp;`operations`             | `array`   | The array of operations that are possible to perform on the transaction in its current state.                                                                                                                |

> ## `transactionId` Authorization

Reviewer 2: I don't understand this header.

{:.code-header}
**Request**

```http

> POST /psp/creditcard/payments/{{ page.payment_id }}/authorizations HTTP/1.1

Reviewer 2: How is this example different from the previous?
